 authentic and genuine communication style excellent usage of customer use cases and outcomes good call to action- however could have been more detailed had you not ran over
Great job Matt! You nailed it!
Very poised, conversational style that demonstrates a strong understanding of the ML technical stack. Seamless transitions between stack layers and descriptions.
Good preparation. Great use of customer examples. Great finish on next steps. I would buy into next steps based on your overall delivery.
Good examples, rich content.
 comfortable and poised with conversational style appropriate length 
 great examples and use cases from Amazon very natural and conversational strong confidence solid call to action and follow-up
You've got the key messages about layers and capabilities.
Clear pitch. Well defined in approach and structure

Went well through customer references and all the content. Spoke very clear, respectful and professional. Great that you took the time to do this video before re:Invent!

Well done! Good use of time, hitting just the key points. Good presence and overall pace of the discussion. Demonstrated strong eye contact, poise and confidence.
You hit all the right points
Michael offered several detailed customer examples at each step of the stack, many went deeper than the sales script which demonstrates an investment in understanding these examples.
Michael appeared much more comfortable with the topic, delivering it calmly and fluidly. Provides examples across each layer of the stack.
Overall very good pitch. Mentioned customers, open source tools, the overall stack and the data layer. Had a call for action at the end. Communication style was warm and engaging.
Used clear examples and defined good next steps as follow-ups
Carl talked through each layer, offering examples across each.
Spoke clearly and was engaging. Provided Pinterest and Netflix as customer examples for bottom and middle and top layers. Covered 3 stack layers and circled back to the need for a data lake as a foundation for high quality AI/ML. Was clear on next steps.
Compelling content
You hit all the right topics and it flowed well

Knowledge of the subject. References to customer case studies. Explanation of the technologies and components. Close and call for action.
Great examples, well explained.
You hit all the right notes and it flowed very naturally
 natural and conversational style good examples and customer use cases solid call to action and follow-up good grasp of content and knowledge
1. Good Intro but could probably explain the role of PS 2. Clear Speaking fluid delivery 3. Great content

Great presentation. I like the depth and attention to details.
Appropriate introduction, setting the stage for the conversation and establishing credentials. Great weaving in of relevant examples to the pitch; learner clearly understood the material, along with the capabilities of the platform.
Obviously you know your ML pitch. Nicely done! The examples of how ML is used today are powerful.
Nice balance of tech overview, customer examples, and next steps.
Good industry examples, compelling content.
I, of course, could not understand the Manadarin, but it looked fine :) You need to smile more and relax. :)
Content rich and compelling.
Good breath of knowledge
 authentic and natural speaking tone with good eye contact and poise comfortable explaining the architecture for ML and use cases solid call to action good length of presentation
わかりやすく親しみやすくお話されていると思います。 実際にお話する場合にはもうすこしfunな感じでも良いかもしれません。
Good use of customers and our own story of Amazon.com
nice work Harley. I loved how you aligned your examples to relate to the customer.


Good examples of internal use and Netflix customer example. Clear examples of next steps that included using the technology or engaging ProServe
very precise language, calm, professional, giving good examples on how to use the technology, especially on the services layer. good length. good next steps. like that you focused on the services more. Great that you did it before re:invent.
Well timed.

Liked how you used the Amazon examples to make it real
really nice job, it flowed well, it showed you had put in the prep
Comprehensive overview of ML and good examples that were easy to relate to.
I like the emphasis on choice. Good lead for roadmap. Conversational
 confident and poised communications style solid knowledge of AI/ML focused on capabilities
I liked that you started with an observation about the customer You identified other AI & ML customers from our case studies to show your customer they're in good company




